var start

var outsideRoom (after pills, gun, and worktools) - I head out of my room toward the living quarter,I notice the other crew member, Erwin also awake along with Riza standing by the control panels. The control panel is growing, as a message from Commander Integra Hellsing loads.

	var hiErwin (user pick "say hi to erwin") - Erwin talks a lot about being excited about going to “G2V-S3”, this is going to be his second mission as the pilot
	The message finally loads on the big screen, and a peppy automated voice greets us. “Hello crewmates, this is the day! You guys are heading towards G2V-S3. I hope you guys can find out more about this planet. What we know, this planet used to have sight of live about 2,000 years ago. But now it is full of dangerous air pollution and greenhouse gasses. Along with it almost being completely covered in water but yet it's really hot. You need to investigate the planet and try to restore the planet. You only have a limited amount of water supplies. Good luck and don’t die.”

	I stared at the blank screen, bewildered. Things like this just don’t get thrown at you out of the blue. I look down at the wristwatch that has been placed expertly on the surface of your space wear.

	var hiRiza (user pick "say hi to riza") - Riza talks about how boring the food is.
	The message finally loads on the big screen, and a peppy automated voice greets us. “Hello crewmates, this is the day! You guys are heading towards G2V-S3. I hope you guys can find out more about this planet. What we know, this planet used to have sight of live about 2,000 years ago. But now it is full of dangerous air pollution and greenhouse gasses. Along with it almost being completely covered in water but yet it's really hot. You need to investigate the planet and try to restore the planet. You only have a limited amount of water supplies. Good luck and don’t die.”

	I stared at the blank screen, bewildered. Things like this just don’t get thrown at you out of the blue. I look down at the wristwatch that has been placed expertly on the surface of your space wear.

	var ignore (user pick "ignore and sit on couch") - I watch whatever on my console. While watching my show, Kyoya and Yoruichi emerge from their rooms. I get ready to read the message Commander Hellsing sent.
	The message finally loads on the big screen, and a peppy automated voice greets us. “Hello crewmates, this is the day! You guys are heading towards G2V-S3. I hope you guys can find out more about this planet. What we know, this planet used to have sight of live about 2,000 years ago. But now it is full of dangerous air pollution and greenhouse gasses. Along with it almost being completely covered in water but yet it's really hot. You need to investigate the planet and try to restore the planet. You only have a limited amount of water supplies. Good luck and don’t die.”

	I stared at the blank screen, bewildered. Things like this just don’t get thrown at you out of the blue. I look down at the wristwatch that has been placed expertly on the surface of your space wear.

		var readFile (user pick "read file") - INSERT FILE INFORMATION
		You and your team start to head towards the control room and start to talk about who’s going to go; they decide you should go.

		var contactCommander (user pick "contact commander") - Commander Hellsing tells you that someone needs to go there first to see if the planet is safe for life.

		You and your team start to head towards the control room and start to talk about who’s going to go; they decide you should go.

			var pod (user pick "head to pod") - You’re now in the ship

			var airlock (user pick "throw yourself out of airlock") - You die lolz and your crewmates just look at you in disappointment(Your stupid)

				(put a continue button to go to next point in story)

var theShip (start of section two after continue button) - The ship is one of the sleeker, new models. Fitted with thrusters, and the wings are light and durable. Clearly an exploration ship, with only one ion cannon for emergencies. I ran my hand under the belly of the ship, marveling the clean cuts on the paneling, and the material it was made out of. Silica, to handle damage. I had only one bag with me, with only the necessary items. A photograph of my family, and (item they picked up). It should be enough, after all, we are being provided by the main command.

	var explore (explore ship?*)- The main brig is set with controls, automated for the most part. Though it’s always necessary to keep a human element in case of errors. That’s signified by the steering wheel in the middle of the helm. There are other seats, elevated as you went away from the pilot’s seat. The window was tinted to block harmful rays, but you could still see outside. The ship itself was inherently spacious. More than it looked like on the outside.

		var inspect - The ship’s engine is something that I am quite interested in. Specifically, which sort of engine, the makers of this ship have decided to use. Each engine is different as if they have individual personalities, it’s important to know how to care for them. The main propulsion engines seemed to be running on hydrocarbons- something that I could really work with. I slide on my back, popping open one of the panels to check the more vital parts of the ship. Gingerly brushing away wires. My nose wrinkled when I found a loose-ish canister. It was the tachyon balls- set in a bearing that would provide for the ship. This is what let the ship travel Faster Than Light.
		(If OP had ‘worktools’ they could fix the engine, else they have to live with that on their conscience)
		//*if (item == worktools){Thankfully I took my worktools with me; now I can fix the ship.}
		//*else {If only I had taken my worktools, then I would have been able to fix the ship.}
		//need variable for if engine fixed?*

	var backToRoom - I was pleasantly surprised that the command ship had managed to load my handprint into the ship’s systems. All I had to do was press my hand against the control panel, and the metal door slid open to reveal my room. The setup was bare, simple. One bed with an overhang for storage. A desk, and a chiffarobe for me to set my clothes and other miscellaneous items.

	var team (look at crew roster?*)- Erwin Smith(Pilot)
	Kyoya Ootori(Navigator)
	Riza Hawkeye(Medic)
	Yoruichi Shihoyin(Expedition)

	//*after clicking one option, blastOff option appears?

	var blastOff - Going to be making a stop in a nebulae 5,000 light-years away (5-hour trip)
	We all strap into our perspective seats, readying for the rocketing of the jump. The only person on this ship that hasn’t experienced FTL travel is possibly Kyoya, our navigator. Though, he seems to be doing pretty well for a first-timer.

	var exploreTwo - While the ship makes it to the first rest stop, I suppose it should be best to try to do my job. I looked through the drawers in the main hangar and was able to find better tools to provide for me. I looked through the tools and was pleasantly surprised by the selection. Aside from the main hanger, I decided to check the loading bay, which was full of our food and water for the trip. It seems like the ship was stocked for a good few days. Two weeks max. Possibly for the roundtrip.

var time (insert a time button to continue) - The five hours pass easily, everyone trying to get into pace with the ship.
DAY 1: Success
DAY 2: No mishaps, refueled
DAY 3: finally realized how good dried (insert food) tastes

var dayFour (insert day four button to go to next section) - DAY 4: There is a jolt that hits the side of our ship, sending me crashing into my breakfast. “What was that?” Riza asked, looking up at me from her novel. “I don't know, let me check it out,” said Yoruichi. She comes back from the helm looking quite distressed. Apparently, flight plans didn’t know we were running through an asteroid belt.

	var panic (user pick "panic") - My spoon drops in the oatmeal, the room going silent. Only for a moment, as the ship rockets to the other side again. We better start figuring out how to solve the problem.
	“Let’s get on this, team!” Riza says, sounding confident.

	Erwin was at the pilot chair, his hands now white on the joysticks. The tension in his shoulders seemed to relax a little when he realized that the whole team was now present, and he immediately starts lending orders. The order I got was fairly straightforward, to check the ship’s systems to make sure that we were running in order.

	var mainBrig (user pick "go to main brig") - I immediately stand up, setting my oatmeal back in the fridge, and set off to the main brig. We might have to do a full inspection of the engines to see what the situation is.
	“Let’s get on this, team!” Riza says, sounding confident.

	Erwin was at the pilot chair, his hands now white on the joysticks. The tension in his shoulders seemed to relax a little when he realized that the whole team was now present, and he immediately starts lending orders. The order I got was fairly straightforward, to check the ship’s systems to make sure that we were running in order.

		var checkEngine (user pick "check engine") - There is a hit to the main engine, and one of the turbines. You will have to fix it as soon as you get to a safe spot. Especially the Tachyon bearings. “We have issues with a few things, but we can’t fix them now.” Erwin blinked, and nodded, now maneuvering with a certain skill that can only be achieved with years of training. When we got out of the debris, the ship slowed gently, and all eyes went on me. “I’ll get right to that engine, huh?” I chuckled, retrieving my tools, and zipping up my spacesuit. Fixing the Tachyon bearings was a simple task, you learned how to do that very early in spacecraft safety. Without the bearings, we could have easily been lost in the depths of space.

		var checkSystem (user pick "check online systems") - Online systems seem to be working, there are no glitches or malfunctions. Oxygen levels are steady, and there is no damage to fuel cells. It seems like everything is ok with the online systems, and you give Erwin a “Systems are a go”
		(When they get out of the asteroid belt and travel, they die)

			var timeTwo (insert another time button to conintue) - DAY 5: No anomalies detected
			DAY 6: Frick? he has a low bp panicTM
				(insert continue button called "Black Hole" to continue)

var blackHole (after user click "Black Hole" / continue button) - We were all resting in the living quarters. Kyoya and Riza were arguing over what's the best (Blank) while Erwin and Yoruichi and are trying to figure out what to do. You are trying to read up on the latest news from home planet when you hear the space alert, you guys start to walk toward the control panel to see what's happening; We’re heading towards a black hole!! You all get in position to try and leave the black hole but its no use, you get faster the closer you get. Everyone is panicking, “We are getting nowhere, what should we do?!” said Kyoya. While everyone is screaming you start to feel dizzy and lightheaded along with having pains in your chest and not being able to breathe; you're having a panic attack!!

	var calm (user pick "calm it down") - You remember grabbing your pills and you take one. It helps you calm down and get back on track. You remember learning something in Galaxy Garrison about black holes; if you ever heading towards a black hole, then you might find the little gap where the pull isn’t that strong. You tell Erwin and Kyoya about the information. Erwin said “Oh yeah, I forgot about that, so we need to find it and escape.
	“Everyone, get a hold of yourselves and get in position!!!” said Erwin. Everyone gets up and go back to their station. “Kyoya, you need to navigate us through this,” said Erwin Kyoya nods his head. “Ok, I think I found the gap but it's pretty far” “How far?” said Erwin worried. “Around 100 miles,” Kyoya said while staring at Erwin. “Ok, we are going to need to boost yourselves toward the gap and out but there's a risk,” said Erwin “What is the risk?” said Yoruichi. “The ship might fall apart in the process”; everyone gasps. You said, ”We have to do it the only way to get out of here!” Erwin agrees and we start our plan. We are almost out when we hear a crashing noise and the next thing we know is we are getting sucked into the infinite space and darkness. You grab onto a pole.

	var passOut (user pick "you start to pass out") - You pass out and then wake up to see Riza in your face, “Hey, wake up!! Come on, we need you” You sit up and ask how long you were passed out for, she said around 5 mins but you guys don’t even know anymore because as you know, the closer you get to the black hole, the more you discombobulated you get along with time slowing down around. She tells you that Kyoya is in the corner crying(XD, I don't even know anymore) and Erwin trying to contact Commander Hellsing; Yorichi is just watching us getting closer to the black hole. You and Riza are just in shock on what's happening and preparing yourself for the sweet relief of death when Kyoya then remembers that he learned that if you ever heading towards a black hole, then you might find the little gap where the pull isn’t that strong. He gets up and tells Erwin and they try to figure it out.
	“Everyone, get a hold of yourselves and get in position!!!” said Erwin. Everyone gets up and go back to their station. “Kyoya, you need to navigate us through this,” said Erwin Kyoya nods his head. “Ok, I think I found the gap but it's pretty far” “How far?” said Erwin worried. “Around 100 miles,” Kyoya said while staring at Erwin. “Ok, we are going to need to boost yourselves toward the gap and out but there's a risk,” said Erwin “What is the risk?” said Yoruichi. “The ship might fall apart in the process”; everyone gasps. You said, ”We have to do it the only way to get out of here!” Erwin agrees and we start our plan. We are almost out when we hear a crashing noise and the next thing we know is we are getting sucked into the infinite space and darkness. You grab onto a pole.

	var scream (user pick "scream") - “AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA”(Everyone die because you are literally doing nothing to help the situation)
	“Everyone, get a hold of yourselves and get in position!!!” said Erwin. Everyone gets up and go back to their station. “Kyoya, you need to navigate us through this,” said Erwin Kyoya nods his head. “Ok, I think I found the gap but it's pretty far” “How far?” said Erwin worried. “Around 100 miles,” Kyoya said while staring at Erwin. “Ok, we are going to need to boost yourselves toward the gap and out but there's a risk,” said Erwin “What is the risk?” said Yoruichi. “The ship might fall apart in the process”; everyone gasps. You said, ”We have to do it the only way to get out of here!” Erwin agrees and we start our plan. We are almost out when we hear a crashing noise and the next thing we know is we are getting sucked into the infinite space and darkness. You grab onto a pole.

		var pole (user pick "let go of the pole") - *play HIde and Seek by Imogen Heap (@2:52)* You let go and you get sucked into space(That's sad, Alexia play Despactio)

		var holdOn (user pick "hold on") - You hold on and you see Erwin trying to hit the emergency forcefield button. He hits the button and you all fall on the ground. “Is everyone ok?!” said Erwin. “Everyone gets up and says yes. “I’m going to see what the damage is,” said Kyoya and Erwin. After a few minutes, they come back and tell us that the good news is that everyone is safe and none of the equipment is gone, the bad news is that a lot of our supplies and resources are gone forever.

			(insert button called "Fuel Stop" to continue to next section)

var fuelStop (user clicked "fuel stop" / continue) - The entire team seems agitated after the mishap during the jump, and there are glances thrown at each other as the blinking symbol on the screen grows brighter. Our supplies are starting to dwindle, leaving us with supplies to last us for another two weeks. That’s if we ration. “I’ll go,” Yoruichi decides, already pulling on the gloves for her spacesuit. There is a pause, and Kyoya shakes his head viciously, “Absolutely not, there is a good chance that the ship’s engine could make a jump at any time. We should wait and try to fix the engine first.” Kyoya screams “But if we take too long, there will be no power to run the O2. We could all die!!”

	var agree (user pick "agree") - I stepped closer to Yoruichi, deciding to make myself heard, “We need fuel to test the engine as I’m fixing it. Plus, you guys need oxygen in here.”
	She nodded in agreement, stubbornly finishing to zip up her suit, and tethered herself to the ship.
	While she was out, we all watched the oxygen levels start to drop dangerously low, my head started to get foggy, and a little numb. I couldn’t think, but we were waiting for Yoruichi to come back.
	After a little while, my eyes started to grow heavy, my breaths shallow. My eyes closed, and they didn’t open again.

	The End

	var disagree (user pick "disagree") - “It’s too dangerous!” I point out, “I noticed that the ship was rattling from the main brig. We could be dealing with a mechanical, or technical problem. We don’t know, and we should stay safe until we can know what’s going on.”
	She stays(If you got the work tools)
	You fix the problem and then she goes off and tries to find supplies
	She leaves anyway

	She comes back and with supplies and resources for the rest of your trip. We are all getting ready to go and see what the planet has for us

	var stayQuiet (user pick "stay quiet") - I decided that I shouldn’t interfere, my decisions have led the whole team down paths that they certainly shouldn’t have gone.
	She goes

	She comes back and with supplies and resources for the rest of your trip. We are all getting ready to go and see what the planet has for us

		(insert "ending" button to continue to next section)

var ending (after user clicked "ending" / continue button) - The ship is practically rattling as it slows out of FTL, we were hardly awake. Our reserves were down to the last box, and we are hoping that we’ll be able to find something sustainable on the planet we’d been sent to. I stood up, walking over to the large window that was on the side of the ship.

My breath caught in my chest. There was debris everywhere, practically floating, only held by the planet’s gravity. A solid shade of blue disrupted only by little spots of what it looked like land that poked out of the ocean.

	var checkPlanet (user pick "check the status of the planet") - CO2 levels are off the charts, it’s super hot, possibly acid in the atmosphere
		(insert "orbit the planet once" button to allow user to go back on the button they didn't pick the 1st time)

	var orbit (user pick "orbit the planet once") - Through the debris, there is a large screen. And I mean large; it seems to be tethered to a large satellite. Both flickering faintly. Solar-powered, I presume.

	Riza gives me a look, “Should we check out what it is? It obviously works.”

	I swallow thickly, planet G2V-S3 is starting to give me a bad feeling. This planet should have been habitable, but it’s flooded itself. Practically overheated. After a moment, I nodded, agreeing with Riza.

	“Let’s check that out.”

	We find a place to land and land the ship. I get off the ship and noticed that we are surrounded by water yet find fire in the distances. I also notice how the ground looks really dry and is mixed with trash and plastic. You look up at the sky and it looks like a bright orange color. I then look down at the water that's surrounding us and also how there’s trash everywhere.

	Yoruichi was already strapping up to go hook the cable of the screen to the ship. After all, it was solar-powered, and the sun was on the other side.
